[hard rock music playing]
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Dark Schneider growling]
[Abigail seething]
[Yoko gasping] Lucien!
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
[Dark Schneider] You know, this world
doesn't exist just to be your plaything
to do whatever you want with.
This big, wide,
wonderful world is special.
It wasn't put here for just anyone to use.
In fact,
it wasn't put here for anyone else.
It was put here for me, and me alone.
This world is my plaything.
And I'll be the one
who decides what to do with it!
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf.
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf, van sielck…
Turn to ash.
Wise men of Hades, all.
Hold fast the seven keys.
Swing wide the gates of hell!
[Head Priest] W-what is it?
That spell…
But that's his most powerful spell of all!
No!
[priests yelping]
[Head Priest] Make him stop!
Madness!
Have you gone completely
out of your mind, Dark Schneider?
[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
Stay out of this, upside-down man!
I'm gonna blow
this stupid castle sky-high!
Helloween!
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
CONCLUSION
[Abigail straining]
[Dark Schneider roaring]
[priests yelping]
[Gara gasping]
[Abigail straining]
[Gara] The full power of the Helloween
attack isn't even affecting him!
The same thing happened when Demon Mail
repelled the Majinken attack
and Nei's Riot attack!
No! This can't be.
[priests gasping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Geo] How could this be happening?
Even Dark Schneider's most powerful spell
can't break through Omega's magic barrier.
We're doomed.
[priests yelping]
He's destroying the castle!
We have to get out of here!
Get to cover!
Hurry! Everyone, save your lives!
[Gara grunting]
Schneider, save your energy.
The Helloween attack had no effect on him.
[Gara grunting]
-[both screaming]
-[Lars exclaiming]
-Lucien!
[intense music playing]
[Dark Schneider grunting, groaning]
[Dark Schneider straining]
[Abigail cackling] Keep struggling, fool.
You thought your dreaded Helloween
could break through my armor?
The outer layer
of the Composite Demonic King's armor
has a protective field
that's as powerful as absolute magic!
Imagine an indestructible defense.
One that could block even
the power of darkness
that's emanating
from the God of Destruction.
But my armor continues
to infinitely absorb magic from outside
while blocking my enemy's spells.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Nothing in the universe
can touch Abigail now!
I'm invincible!
Completely invincible.
[Arshes] You sure about that?
[all gasping]
[Arshes] Your armor
doesn't have absolute magic defense.
Therefore, it doesn't matter
what type of protective field it has.
It can be beaten with one direct hit!
When your armor's hit by a force greater
than its defense ability, you're dead!
Defend yourself against this!
Kaizard, alzard.
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf, sielck…
Wait. Isn't that…?
She knows that spell?
[priests] Do it, Nei! Take him down!
Nei knows Helloween too?
Turn to ash, Wisemen of Hades.
Hold fast the seven keys.
Swing wide the gates of hell!
Wait! Just hold on!
This isn't gonna end well for me!
Vanish, Abigail!
Helloween!
[Abigail screaming]
[Gara gasping]
[Gara] I've never seen
a double Helloween attack before.
[Arshes] The heat generated in the synergy
between two Helloween attacks
is 1.5 times greater than
the forbidden spell Black Sabbath Dawning.
If this still can't stop him,
it means that destroying
the three demonic treasures,
now that they've transformed
into Super Demonic Formation,
is practically impossible.
But I'm determined
to do this, no matter what it takes!
Darsh and I are going to combine our magic
and destroy this menace for good!
[dramatic music playing]
[priests gasping]
[Sheila groaning] Dark Schneider.
Careful, Nei!
[Lars exclaiming]
Lucien!
[both roaring]
[Abigail screaming]
[music fades]
[Arshes grunting]
Did we do it?
Wait. It worked?
Nice job, Nei!
[soldier gasping]
[soldier 2] It really worked?
They did it!
It's over! We're all saved!
They really did it!
They saved the castle!
We're all going to live! Hurray!
-[ninja] They did it!
-[ninja 2] Dark Schneider takes him down!
[Abigail cackling]
[Gara gasping]
-[ninjas gasping]
-[ninja] What?
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Is that all the power
you can muster up for the side of good?
How does anyone expect two mere insects
to defeat this great evil?
[Abigail cackling]
[all gasping]
[Abigail] And to think
that those mere insects
thought they were clever enough
to stop the resurrection of a god.
Don't make me laugh.
Impossible!
I can't believe this!
How could he possibly withstand
that super magic attack?
[Arshes] He's got an anti-magic spell
cast over his whole body.
No wonder swords and magic
have no effect on him.
[Abigail] The legendary wizard,
Dark Schneider
Even a man as strong as you
won't be able to fight anymore.
Such a pity you've let yourself
be so swayed by love
you've let yourself be defeated.
Today's the day your life
and your legend come to an end!
[lightning cracking]
But also, today is the day of birth
for the void and fear!
Of death and destruction!
The day of birth for the new land of hell!
[Abigail cackling]
It can't be.
[priest yelping] We're done for.
This is it.
We've been defeated.
[Gara seething]
Darsh, no!
[both gasping]
[Dark Schneider grunting, groaning]
The legendary Dark Schneider,
you will serve as my supreme offering
to this new land of hell.
[Abigail cackling]
[Dark Schneider]
Haven't we been over this?
The only one who's gonna die today
is gonna be you!
Lucien!
[Abigail cackling]
Wow. You're still trying to act so tough.
You've lost your mind!
-[Arshes] Darsh!
-[Gara] Huh?
[Arshes] Darsh, no!
If you die,
I don't know how I'd live without you.
[Gara] That's enough.
Now…
I'm with you, Dark Schneider!
[Yoko gasping, grunting]
Hold on, you two!
Don't do this!
Everything's okay. He's not going to die!
Not Lucien and not Dark Schneider!
[Arshes gasping]
[Gara] But he's…
There's no way he's going to die.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] I've decided to be nice
this time and finish you off quickly.
I'll use Composite Demonic King,
Omega Abigail the First's
most powerful weapon.
Abigail Collider!
I'm going to turn you to ashes,
just like I did that golem!
And then after I finished you off,
I'm going to finish off
your darling daughter,
your friend, and your lover!
All three of them!
Go peacefully
and I'll let you join them in hell!
Don't do it! Darsh!
[grunting] Gara!
-[Gara] Swords won't work against him.
-[Arshes] No!
[Gara] And even a double Helloween attack,
the most powerful spell in the world,
wasn't able to beat him.
He still got through it
without a single scratch.
Yoko says he'll be fine,
but we're completely out of options!
What are we going to do?
Princess!
[Sheila groaning]
[Geo] Dark Schneider and Abigail.
The power of darkness possessed
by those two together is too strong!
It's interfering
with the seal inside Princess Sheila.
If this combined power continues to grow,
the seal is going to break.
[Sheila] Dark Schneider.
Dark Schneider.
Please…
please, you can't die.
[dramatic music playing]
[Sheila] You're the only one
who can save the world from destruction.
Please save us, Dark Schneider.
[Yoko gasping]
[soldier] Look, he stood.
-[Head Knight] He's standing!
-[Arshes crying]
[Dark Schneider growling]
[Arshes grunting] Why?
Why are you doing this, Darsh?
Why do you have to fight so hard?
Why do you fight for humans?
Haven't you done enough for them?
Is it for peace?
The ideal society?
Well, I don't need any of that.
I want things to return
to how they used to be.
Just the two of us.
Let's leave now.
We can live, just the two of us,
just like we used to.
I love you!
Darsh, please!
[Sean] Do you see that?
There's a dark cloud forming
in the sky over Meta-llicana Castle.
That's the immense power
of darkness gathering.
I think we should go warn the others.
-We'd better hurry.
-Come on.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Dark Schneider.
I see you've managed to stand up,
but if I'm not mistaken,
you seem to be missing a few parts!
Even though you're known
as a great magician,
your original elemental is still darkness.
In other words, evil!
And now that you've distanced yourself
from that evil,
and me with the power of Anthrasax,
there's no way you can win
against the embodiment of darkness!
And you're "good"?
Well, your precious "good"
is as worthless as love.
You're frail, weak, and crippled.
And even if you two combined powers,
there's still no way
you could ever win against me.
I am a part of Anthrasax,
the ultimate God of Destruction,
unbounded in absolute evil!
[Abigail cackling]
[Gara gasping]
What? Did I hear that right?
The God of Destruction?
[ominous music playing]
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Foolish,
worthless love and good.
May I never have
to see your faces ever again!
No! Darsh!
Please! No!
Stop, Darsh! I don't wanna lose you!
Lucien!
You've got to hang in there!
I know in my heart
you have what it takes to defeat him!
If you win, you can have my virginity!
I'll give you anything you want!
So, Lucien please,
don't you dare let him win this battle!
What's he doing?
[Dark Schneider cackling]
[Dark Schneider] "Good" and "evil"?
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
That stuff is all worthless.
It has absolutely no meaning to me.
How did you get control?
[Dark Schneider]
Listen up, you defective reject.
I'm gonna tell you
what's gonna happen next.
I, the almighty Dark Schneider,
only care
about defeating you and nothing else!
As for "good" and "evil"?
Who gives a crap.
I'm talking about a fight between two men.
[Abigail gasping]
In any case, time to die!
-Brain dead.
-[hard rock music playing]
Obey the contract of blood,
from the land of Abaddon, come forth.
No! Not that!
Darsh, wait!
Dark Schneider, stop!
You know magic won't work!
Gehenna's fire,
explode in flame, and incinerate All!
[Abigail cackling]
Your spell can't touch me,
but mine is a killer!
Abigail Collider!
Take this!
Darsh, stop!
Evil Blaze of Burning Exodus!
[Abigail cackling]
Impressive.
You can cast any magic spell you want,
but Omega's armor will block them all!
You're right. The parts covered
by the armor have perfect defense.
But wait.
Did you know the parts not covered
were left completely defenseless?
What the…? What?
[onlookers shuddering]
[Dark Schneider roaring]
No! He's crazy!
Schneider, you're insane!
[Dark Schneider] Good? Evil?
In the end,
what's it gonna matter, anyway?
[Sheila gasping]
[Abigail screaming]
[Abigail] This guy's crazy!
I can't believe he could hold off,
waiting for the moment my collider fired
just to attack
the Omega's energy radiation membrane!
It's the only part
that isn't covered by the spell.
He's too damn good!
[music fades]
Darsh, no!
Dark Schneider!
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
[Yoko gasping]
[Geo gasping]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Geo] Look.
The power of the darkness is withdrawing.
It's over.
He saved us.
[dramatic music playing]
[choir vocalizing]
[soldier] The sky is clearing.
We beat him.
He's really gone this time!
Yeah! The world has truly been saved!
Long live Meta-llicana!
[soldiers] Meta-llicana! Meta-llicana!
Meta-llicana! Meta-llicana!
-[soldiers cheering]
-[Sheila groaning]
[Geo] Hmm?
Oh, no.
Dark Schneider, it can't be.
[somber music playing]
[Gara gasping]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] No!
Darsh, please no!
[Arshes sobbing]
[Gara] Dark Schneider.
It can't be.
No, Darsh. Please, you've got to hold on!
I can't survive without you! Don't die!
[Arshes sobbing loudly]
[Yoko] Lucien…
[inaudible]
[Yoko] You brought misfortune
and chaos to Meta-llicana.
You were a great wizard
from the ancient world.
Dirty and selfish,
violent, nasty, and cruel.
You only ever thought of yourself.
You were rude and disrespectful of women.
And no matter how many times
I scolded you, you never changed.
But
still…
[inaudible]
[Yoko] Lucien…
Dark Schneider…
[Yoko crying]
[Arshes sobbing]
[Arshes] Huh?
[Gara gasping]
[dramatic music playing]
Oh, Darsh.
-Darsh, you're alive!
-[Gara] Dark Schneider!
-[Arshes sobbing loudly]
-[Yoko crying]
Thank you, spirits.
[Gara gasping]
Are you… are you crying, Dark Schneider?
Today… today was…
Today was the day
I was finally gonna fuck Yoko.
[Yoko] Uh…
[Dark Schneider]
She said I could take her virginity.
[Yoko huffing]
[Dark Schneider crying] But it's gone!
My big magnum that curved up
all the way on to my chest!
[Dark Schneider sobbing]
My manhood's gone! [grunting]
[all gasping]
[Lars exclaiming]
-[Yoko] You disgusting pig!
-[light rock music playing]
How could I ever have made
that promise to a creep like you?
[Dark Schneider screaming]
[Dark Schneider] I'm sorry!
[Yoko] Why do you always turn
into such a jerk?
[Arshes] Stop it!
Don't be so cruel to my Darsh!
[Gara] Oh, I think I get it.
The old Dark Schneider
never would have fought so hard
and gotten hurt so bad
that he'd end up in a situation like this.
He's fine. He's immortal.
Can't you tell I'm on the brink of death?
[Gara] But now…
In other words, it means that the person
who understands him best right now
isn't me or Nei,
it's Yoko.
[
Amazing.
What?!
You're…
[ominous music playing]
[Dark Schneider] Abigail?
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]